[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[tense music]
[ominous music]
[screams]
[both exclaim, scream]
Ms. Choi…
help me.
[gunshot]
[all screaming]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[yells]
[all whimper]
[whimpering]
[squealing]
-[gunshots]
-[glass shatter]
Murdering my mother…
was unforgivable and absolutely foolish.
I knew that you killed countless people
and even tried to kill me.
Do you know why I haven't killed you?
[Mr. Han breathes shakily]
It's a hassle.
[heavy breathing]
I had a job to do.
So putting a bullet in you,
wasn't worth wasting my time over.
I'm not sure your measly sidekicks
would inconvenience me much.
But now…
-you all have to die.
-[all exclaim]
-[both whimper]
-No. Don't kill us. Please.
[Mr. Han crying]
No, no, no…
Don't worry.
It won't be tonight.
[crying]
I live by this principle.
"What a blessing it is
to have a painless death."
[scoffs]
I'm going to give you two things
you've earned.
First, the humiliation of a lifetime,
and second…
a slow and agonizing end to your life.
I swear.
[dramatic music]
[breathes shakily]
You can take care of that garbage.
And don't even try
pinning his death on me.
Or it will be all over the news…
who hired my mother's killer.
[inhales deeply]
[Mr. Han gasps]
[Vincenzo] Ah…
[ominous music]
[quivering]
[gun cocks]
Here's a preview for all of you.
[breathing heavily]
-[gunshot]
-[screams]
[suspenseful music]
[groans]
Sir!
-[Ms. Choi] Mr. Jang!
-[Mr. Han] Mr. Jang!
[Mr. Jang] Han-seok!
-Call an ambulance! Call an ambulance!
-[Joon-woo groans]
[panicked chatter]
[thrilling classical music]
[inaudible dialogue]
[inaudible shouts]
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[man] We'll take her now, sir.
I need a moment.
[breathing deeply]
[sobs]
[sniffles]
Ma.
[dramatic music]
[sniffles]
Ma.
[sobbing continues]
[dramatic music continues]
Ma.
[monks chanting]
-[bell ringing]
-[drum taps]
[chanting]
[dramatic music]
[leaves rustle]
[dramatic music continues]
DECEASED, OH GYEONG-JA
[water running]
EPISODE 17
[Vincenzo]
Her son came back after 30 years,
and because I did that,
someone took her life.
It's all my fault this happened.
She would have lived if I'd stayed away.
So now I'm the one living in hell.
The hell that is regret.
I know.
It was brief but…
what you and your mother gave each other
is true and everlasting.
You gave your mom eternal happiness
as she did for you.
Once time has healed your wounds a little,
you'll see.
What actually hits the hardest is…
is that I already miss her.
So badly.
[somber music]
[cries]
[sobs]
[sobbing continues]
[somber music]
[Ms. Oh] Ms. Hong.
Once I'm gone,
please give this scarf
to my son, Ju-hyeong, for me.
[Ms. Oh sighs]
The only thing this foolish mother
could give my poor son
is this simple scarf,
which is quite embarrassing.
And…
please tell him this for me.
"Ju-hyeong,
you were a blessing
and happiness to me.
You were the reason
why I carried on living.
Ever since the moment
I felt your first kick inside my belly,
there hasn't been…
a single second that I did not love you.
I'm so sorry
that I couldn't be by your side
all these years
to show you how much I love you.
My baby…
my Ju-hyeong…
I love you.
I love you to pieces.
I'm grateful that you're my son,
and I'm sorry for everything."
[Vincenzo sobs]
[Ms. Oh]
Please take good care of Ju-hyeong.
Thank you.
[Vincenzo crying]
-[shouts]
-[metal clanks]
I want you to go get my doctor.
Right now!
-[metal clanks]
-[nurses breathing shakily]
Get the discharge papers.
It's serious. You should stay a bit longer
for observation.
[ominous music]
Ms. Choi.
Get rid of Vincenzo this minute.
I don't care how many people
you need to hire!
I want that asshole eliminated.
Do what it takes no matter the cost.
-[Joon-woo breathes shakily]
-Please calm down.
Your injury is top priority now.
It's not my priority!
[metal clanging]
I'll find a team that can get rid
of Vincenzo once and for all.
We're not playing games.
But right now, you've got to think
about Babel first.
[suspenseful music]
Okay.
I just don't want it to be quick.
Make it torturous.
Slow like he plans to do with us.
He will beg.
[ominous music]
[clinking]
[gunshot]
[lighter clinks]
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo's stepmom] Ju-hyeong.
[Ms. Oh] Ju-hyeong.
DEFENDANT
[somber music]
[wistful music]
[Inzaghi coos]
[cooing]
[somber music]
[locks clicking]
You know it would be easier
if you kill them off.
Jang Han-seok and Choi Myung-hee
deserve it.
I plan to make them suffer first.
And today, I place my first pawn.
[gun cocks]
We're playing a high-stakes chess game.
-All right, then.
-[gun cocks]
We're basically in the homestretch.
[gun cocks]
YEONGHO SNACK BAR
[exhales sharply]
CLOSED TEMPORARILY
DUE TO PERSONAL REASONS
FATE PIANO ACADEMY
WILL BE CLOSED TEMPORARILY
PAWN SHOP
[suspenseful music]
NOTICE
ARNO WILL BE CLOSED TEMPORARILY
LAUNDROMAT
CLOSED TEMPORARILY
Mr. Cassano.
[somber music]
All of us will be closed
for the time being.
[Larry] We're all committed
to helping you bring down Babel.
We're stronger together.
And you made us realize that.
[Toto] As you know,
chefs can be quite scary
when they lose their temper.
So I'm ready for a battle.
Team Geumga Plaza is on board.
We're here for you.
Whatever you need, just ask us.
Because when we help you,
we help ourselves.
Right. And since I'm still
in my first trimester,
I'm still pretty agile, so I can help.
You know I used to specialize
in dirty work.
I'll gladly do it again for you.
[Hui-su] For most of our lives,
none of us really had a voice.
You changed all that
and showed us actions
do speak louder than words.
So we're putting all our voices
behind yours.
We are ready to fight with you.
[Mr. An] Mr. Cassano.
We are all…
Cassano Family from now on.
[dramatic music]
[Mr. Lee] Vincenzo Cassano!
Vincenzo Cassano!
[knocks on door]
[door opens]
Why don't you rest up here?
We can take care of this thing.
It's my party so I need to attend.
No discussion.
[Mr. Han] Well, we'll see.
Word gets around in Sangcheon-gu, sir.
They'll understand if you can't make it.
We can handle the agreements ourselves.
It's really just a formality.
What's up with you, people?
I said I was going.
-I told you he wouldn't wanna miss it.
-[phone buzzes]
[Mr. Jang whispers]
He's really cranky today.
[Mr. Han] Okay. Thank you.
How is your mother's funeral?
Vincenzo. Vincenzo. Vincenzo. Vincenzo.
Vincenzo.
It was quiet.
Can you hear me all right?
Sure. Seeing as your aim was bang on.
So…
is today the day I die?
[chuckles]
No, before that I'm going to hurt you.
[Joon-woo] All right, I forgot.
[Vincenzo scoffs]
A bullet that close
could cause a brain injury.
[Vincenzo] The humiliation of a lifetime.
Remember? I've made my first move.
I hope you like chess
because that's what we're playing.
Your pieces are going to fall one by one.
Until you're absolutely alone
on the chessboard.
Hah.
Such an embarrassing
and frightening thought.
[Joon-woo] No.
Chess is boring but I know how to play it.
So it won't come as a surprise
that this game isn't going your way.
[in Italian]
Defeat begins with one's fear.
[phone beeps]
Was that Vincenzo? What did he want?
Is he gonna come after us?
Get my tower to the venue.
Okay.
I don't think anything good
will come out of that.
Do you think he could be trying
to trick us again?
Oh.
[stammers]
No, no, no. People can't spend
all their time setting traps for us.
-Hey.
-Ooh.
[Mr. Han chuckles]
Let me clean that up a little.
Ms. Choi, give us a hand?
Guess not.
[nervous chuckle]
-[Mr. Han] Should we lift it?
-No, let's push.
-Oh, good idea.
-Get the plug.
All right. Yeah. I got it.
[utensils clanking]
[quirky music]
I guess our lack of experience
wouldn't make us very effective.
It's too bad really.
At least we made it clear we were sincere.
We can't just sit around waiting.
Let's think of something to help.
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-[sighs]
What's wrong with you?
What's up with the credit card?
The family's been given free rein
with this beauty by Mr. Cassano.
You mean us?
Let's go. We have some shopping to do.
Shopping for what?
The Cassano Family uniform, that's what.
[rock music]
[rock music continues]
CONSTRUCTION PERMIT REPORT
BABEL TOWER PROJECT PROGRESS
[groans]
Babel Tower's approval process
was so corrupt, it's ridiculous.
[Vincenzo] Hmm.
It's beyond ridiculous.
That tower could have been drawn
on a napkin.
-[Vincenzo] Mm?
-Mm-mm.
And we're bound to discover
even more corruption
once Mr. Nam is finished with the file.
Since we'll be bringing the tower down,
we might want to use it
as a place to bury more garbage.
Mm.
[tense music]
[Mr. Jang] Hello, everyone.
Thank you.
[Mr. Han] Gentlemen, hello.
-[man 1] Mr. Han.
-[Mr. Han] Yes.
[staff 1] Assistants can stay
in the waiting area downstairs.
[guard 1] What do you mean?
This room is VIP only.
-You can't go in there.
-[guard 2] You could've told us
before we came all the way up.
-[guard 1] This is ridiculous.
-[guard 2] What a pain.
[guard 1] I need to call my boss.
-[guard 2] I can't believe it's VIP.
-[guard 3] Let's go downstairs.
[staff 2] In the lobby.
CONGRATULATIONS ON MOVING IN,
MAKE A LOT OF MONEY
[indistinct chatter]
[radio static, beeps]
Please remain calm and professional
at all times.
And do not let anyone else in that room.
-Copy, consigliere.
-[elevator dings]
-[man] I can't wait to see this.
-[Mr. Park] Sorry, it's reserved access.
-You'll need to go back down.
-We apologize, ma'am and sir.
[Mr. Jang clears throat]
Hello.
And welcome to what promises
to be a groundbreaking event.
We appreciate your patience.
I'm excited to be your host
for this evening.
I'm Babel's Vice Chairman
and Chairman's brother
Jang Han-seo at your service.
-[Mr. Han] Whoo!
-[all applaud]
As you know, we're here today
so that we could fulfill our promise
to give you the rewards you've earned.
They are…
Babel Tower offices,
suites, and penthouses!
-[Mr. Jang] Woo-hoo!
-[applause]
[Mr. Han] Woo-hoo! Yes!
And to launch the bidding,
our Chairman Jang Han-seok.
[applause]
Thank you so much.
Babel Tower exists thanks to all of you.
Special thanks
goes to the head of our district office,
the chief of police…
Thank you.
[chuckles]
Assemblyman Kim.
It was my pleasure.
[clears throat]
And all of you from Sangcheon-gu
who gathered here.
We couldn't have done it without you.
So it's only right that Babel
shows its appreciation.
[whispers]
I forgot to ask you.
With all the problems we've been having,
Babel Tower has a spot
reserved for us, right?
-Shut your mouth.
-[Joon-woo] Thank you again.
[Mr. Jang] Well, you heard him.
It's time to power the tower!
[crowd cheer]
[suspenseful music]
Building A. The entire 92nd floor.
Show me your paddles, please.
-Congratulations, Mr. Kim Uk-hyeon.
-Oh!
I got it!
[laughs]
[Uk-hyeon] I won!
Yes!
This is all so depressing.
It's like watching a game show
or something.
-[Mr. Jang] Fantastic…
-These people have no shame.
This one is Building B.
Greed is such a powerful thing.
It can only be undone by even more greed.
[Mr. Jang] It has the perfect view.
Yes, Ms. District Chief.
Oh! Tax exempt once built.
Tax exempt once it's built. Wow!
-Chief?
-Additional officers. Uh…
once demolition's underway.
[Mr. Jang] More cops for demolition.
That's pretty big.
Who can top that? Ms. District Chief?
Sangcheon-gu's private businesses
will all…
uh, have to do business
with Babel Group or else…
-[Mr. Jang] Sold!
-[District Chief] I won?
-Good job.
-[District Chief] Wow!
-Yeah!
-[District Chief laughs]
The penthouse goes to the District Chief!
-Congratulations. Wow. Here.
-Thank you.
The whole penthouse. I'm jealous.
-Sorry, sir.
-You can't come in here.
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. Jang] All right. He's the last winner
of today's event.
It's the 52nd floor.
A round of applause for Mr. Ham Seung-un.
Oh!
[laughs]
[Mr. Han] Congratulations!
[Mr. Ham] Thank you, sir.
[Mr. Jang] And that wraps up
our Babel Tower giveaway.
As another token of our appreciation,
we hope you'll join us with some cake
to celebrate this great event.
District Chief, Mr. Kim,
and all of our winners,
please come forward.
Who's this?
[tense music]
-[gasps]
-[Mr. Jang] What's going on?
You can't be here. Get out!
[grunts]
[man 1] Sir.
[gasps]
[man 2] Are you all right?
-[man 3] What is he doing?
-[Mr. Han] What's going on?
[man 3] I don't know.
I'm wearing explosives!
[all exclaim]
-What?
-Listen, I'm being manipulated.
Ms. Choi, please help me.
I wanna get out of this alive.
-You know this man?
-No, I don't!
[Ms. Choi] I don't know him.
-He's obviously out of his mind!
-Be quiet!
And do exactly as I tell you.
If you try anything stupid,
this bomb will go off.
-So nobody goes anywhere.
-Wait, wait, wait.
Who… who's forcing you to do this to us?
I don't know who.
These people abducted me and they've
given me instructions via text.
And now…
-[Mr. Jang] Don't come any closer.
-[all exclaim]
No, no, no.
[man 4] What's that?
-[man 5] What are you doing?
-[woman 1] What is that?
[beeps]
-Oh.
-[Hwang-gyu] That's a bomb.
-It's on a timer.
-[man 6] It's on the screen too.
[man 7] Oh, I can't believe this.
What's going on?
[Hwang-gyu] I'm just doing as instructed.
If you don't want us all
to get blown to pieces,
do exactly what I tell you.
That's a pretty good start.
Hmm.
[tense music]
[beeps]
[Mr. Cho] We're all set.
You have to make them believe
that it's real.
Yes, sir. Absolutely.
After this, your debt is paid off.
You can leave when it's done.
Thank you.
It's your chance to make Myung-hee pay
for humiliating you.
When you worked for her.
Come see me as soon as the party's over.
To collect what I owe you.
Everyone with ties to Babel Tower
must destroy their contracts
and sever ties with the group immediately.
Jang Han-seok and his associates
will act as witnesses
as you pledge on bended knee
to break all ties.
-What? We're supposed to kneel?
-[District Chief] I don't understand.
-Are we supposed to beg?
-Vincenzo.
There's no way that's a real bomb.
You just wanna frighten us.
You can't just make a bomb in our country.
It's real. It might go off at any minute.
I'm not sure I believe you.
Oh, you're right, sir.
It's just all a setup.
It all looks fake. He just strapped
some charges together, huh.
If it's money you want,
I suggest you find another way to get it.
For those who still think
I'm messing around,
I'll give you reason to believe me.
I will count to five.
And then the model of Babel Tower
will explode.
[all muttering]
Five!
-[Mr. Han] Ah…
-Four!
[all whimper]
-Three!
-[all exclaim]
[Hwang-gyu] Two!
One!
[bomb beeping]
[somber music]
[shrieks]
[all clamor]
-[gasps]
-[whimpers]
-Let us out!
-Help!
-[woman 1] Help!
-[man 1] Please, we're gonna die in here.
[woman 2] Open the door!
-[man 2] Please! Let us out of here.
-[clamoring]
[woman breathing heavily]
-[door knocks]
-[man 3] Open the door!
[guests shouting on monitor]
[suspenseful music]
His explosives were real?
Do you remember I told you
that eventually…
I would let you give the hunting dogs
that killed your dad…
the punishment they deserve?
I thought about asking
if you wanted to detonate it.
But I figured I should do it.
Right.
[somber music]
[grunts]
[breathing deeply]
[Cha-young breathes shakily]
Did you have a change of heart?
[somber music]
[suspenseful music]
No, I'm not gonna change my mind.
I can't forgive
what they did to my father.
[suspenseful music continues]
-[banging]
-[muffled shouting]
[all clamoring]
[phones beeping and chiming]
RESTRICTED NUMBER
[Vincenzo] The bomb in the cake
can wipe out the entire room.
[all gasp]
-[man 1] What's going on in here?
-[man 2] It will go off.
[man 3] What should we do?
[man 4] We need to get out!
[Mr. Han] I don't see anything.
Uh, nothing.
[stammers]
What did you get?
-A bomb.
-Look at this.
It's gonna wipe us all out!
[man 5] You need to stop this!
[Mr. Jang] We need to get out of here.
I don't think they're faking at all.
[gasps]
[all phones beeping]
[Vincenzo] For your information,
I've been recording you from the start.
Huh?
[all muttering]
SEND TEXT MESSAGE
DO AS THE DEAD MAN SAID RIGHT NOW
MESSAGE SENT
RESTRICTED NUMBER
[Vincenzo] Do as the dead man
said right now
especially those who want a unit.
[phones beeping and chiming]
[Vincenzo]
Find the contract you just signed,
chew it, then swallow it.
And after identifying yourself,
swear on your knees.
-Over there! Hurry!
-On the table!
[all clamoring]
[Mr. Han] Ladies and gentlemen, please.
You can't take those. They're signed,
they're legal contracts.
-[man 1] Where is it?
-You must stop! Spit that out!
I, the Chief of Sangcheon Police Station,
will cut ties with Babel Group.
I swear on my knees and my mother's grave!
I'm Kim Uk-hyeon.
-Traitors!
-I will cut ties with the Babel Group.
I swear!
[grunts]
[Police Chief] You see!
You see I did what you asked. I ate it!
What are you doing?
We're trying to survive.
Go get that door open!
[guests panicking]
[District Chief] I, the head
of Sangcheon-gu District Office,
swear to cut all ties with Babel Group!
Please let us go in peace!
The Babel Tower approval process
just took a lethal hit, I think.
[scoffs]
[guests clamoring]
Please, spare me.
[muffled grunt]
[muffled cry]
[beeps]
Oh! The timer, it stopped.
[panicked cries]
[phones beeping and chiming]
[Vincenzo] Excellent work.
Now use your influence
to make it seem as if the party today
never happened.
You may all leave.
Oh! We can get out. Go, go, go!
[all clamoring]
-Come on, please, sir. We should go.
-[growls]
Sir, the bomb, it can still go off.
We need to get you out of here
before they decide to do more damage
-and really blow us up.
-Shut the hell up.
[gasps]
Look!
-The timer! It came back on!
-[beeps]
-The timer--
-[Mr. Jang] We need to get out of here!
Sir, it is not safe. We need to go!
[timer beeping]
[Mr. Han] The timer!
[screams]
[gasping, whimpering]
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[suspenseful music]
Thank you.
[sighs]
Our bishop didn't move at all.
That's good.
[huffs]
Getting what we aimed for
was easier than I thought.
The next party
will be grander and crazier.
I wouldn't mind taking the lead
on the next party.
[clinks]
[suspenseful music]
[gate opens]
[gate closes]
-Uh, that's my guy?
-That's him. Yes.
I'm going.
Excuse me, sir. I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
Good morning. I salute you.
-Ah! Mr. Han.
-[chuckles]
I'm just on my way to work.
A bit early for a visit, I know.
[chuckles]
How are you and your candidate?
His approval went through the roof,
that means he's in a good mood.
Ah! That's why they call you
the kingmaker, isn't it?
With you on the team,
it's as though he has an entire army.
You came after all this time
just to flatter me?
-Huh?
-[chuckles]
Come on. Tell me what you want.
Uh, well…
can you set up a meeting with him soon?
Of course I can. Why?
I have something very important
to discuss.
After the election would be ideal, hmm?
Right now, it's about limiting risks.
The Guillotine file has surfaced again.
-Ms. Choi! I need your help.
-[gasps]
Stay here a second.
-[Ms. Choi exhales]
-[Hyeok-pil pants]
Don't do that.
You scared me. Where have you been?
I thought you were dead.
I couldn't help it.
I have to work for that Italian Mafia guy.
So all along you and Hwang-gyu
have been working
for Vincenzo Cassano, is that right?
He gave us no choice.
He kidnapped us.
Please forgive me, Ms. Choi.
Oh, you've got a lot of nerve.
Not a word for ages,
and now you want my forgiveness.
I was wrong, Ms. Choi. I'm so sorry!
He's gonna kill me!
I beg you, Ms. Choi, I need your help!
That's enough. Get up.
Somebody is going to see you.
[Hyeok-pil breathing heavily]
You deserve to die
just like your partner did.
If you want to live, I suggest
you provide excellent information.
I will.
Get in. We'll go get a drink.
[tense music]
-Is that Ms. Hong?
-Where?
Seriously?
[Vincenzo] Damn.
-[clangs]
-[Mr. Jang] Whoo!
[groans]
You cheated.
[Mr. Jang] Hah!
You're not very good at this.
Whoa!
What I told you, it was useful, right?
I mean, you were able to ruin the party
because of it.
It was all right.
Hey, don't be so stingy.
I'm just looking for a little credit.
What's my plan?
Expect a power shift.
Babel's gonna have to change.
Change what?
The entire dynamic.
A big loss will do that.
When you see the change,
tell me and we'll meet back here.
[Mr. Jang] Sure. I can do that.
Let me ask you one thing.
You won't kill me, right?
[laughs]
[both chuckle]
Sorry, sorry, it was the bomb.
It just made me really nervous, you know.
Respect me…
and you might stay alive.
Hey, I'm not even wearing a helmet.
How could you do that, sir?
You scared me, sir.
Have you been studying?
My eyes are killing me these days
because I read so many books, sir.
Your greatest weapon
isn't a gun or a sword.
It's your brain. Remember that.
[Vincenzo] Bye.
Wait.
Wait!
[serene music]
[Mr. Jang clears throat]
Yes?
[sighs]
Thank you.
What?
I said thank you.
I'm sorry, what's that?
I…
[stammers]
I'm grateful… sir.
[light classical music]
You made me realize
what an idiot I'd been.
-[clanks]
-[thuds]
[scoffs]
[Mr. Jang] I wish I was that impressive.
Vincenzo.
Whoo!
[in Italian]
Thank you.
[light classical music]
[Hyeok-pil groaning]
Poor you. That's gotta hurt.
[in slurred voice]
I want to live.
Pardon?
[in slurred voice]
I want to live.
Are you sorry for your betrayal?
[softly]
Yes.
[Hyeok-pil groaning]
Dig his grave.
GEUMGA PLAZA
[suspenseful music]
[lighter clinking]
Now it's up to you
to go there and confront them.
I'm good with my hands
but not with the rest.
Can you give us a few pointers?
First, you have to use their weakness
to press your advantage.
[Cha-young] You have to come on strong.
This is not the time for manners.
Treat them as if they killed
your loved ones.
[Vincenzo]
As if you'd never see them again.
Get the upper hand right away
and make it clear you won't back down.
Just because they have a bit of status,
doesn't mean they're good people.
You're the good ones.
Remember that fact then strike.
BLUE SKY, SANGCHEON
[people clamoring over phone]
[panicked shouts]
Are you a goat or what,
munching on a contract like sweet grass?
Why do I have to relive that?
Babel Tower was approved by your office
when the entire inspection process
found issues.
CONSTRUCTION PERMIT REEXAMINATION
You need to take another look.
[Toto] And based on that,
you will reevaluate
the building's approval.
-[panicked shouts]
-I, the Chief of Sangcheon Police Station…
Wow, it's loud.
You really want them to hear you.
Although it's kinda garbled
with all the panic.
What do I do to keep this quiet?
First thing…
Geumga Plaza security gets prioritized
with more officers
patrolling around the clock.
Second thing, the tenants of Geumga Plaza
will be recognized
with Courageous Citizen Awards
for their help.
[groans]
[Uk-hyeon cheering]
I won! Yes!
[chuckles]
So there's something you want me to do?
Geumga Plaza and all the areas around it,
development's canceled.
Bribes you took from Babel
are getting redirected to the orphanage.
[Uk-hyeon exclaims]
Or humiliation awaits, assemblyman.
GO, GO, BABEL TOWER HELPERS
"Babel Tower Helpers"?
What kind of name is that
for a group of dirtbag thugs?
It sounds like a brand of yogurt.
You'll end up locked in a freezer
if you don't watch yourselves.
[hissing]
Memorize my face.
I'm Geumga's nutria.
[rock music]
[rock music continues]
[Mr. Jang] Are they kidding?
It says here they're reexamining
the approval process.
Hey, what's Wusang doing?
Nothing.
[clicks tongue]
I wrote them a new one a few minutes ago.
I'm sure they'll fix it.
-Please sit.
-Okay.
[Mr. Jang clears throat]
When Vincenzo pulled the trigger,
the day you shot me
flashed before my eyes.
[ominous music]
Ah.
Why would you bring that up?
Because I'm glad to still be here.
Remember what I said?
It's just the two of us.
Brothers together.
Did you know that your mother asked me
to look out for you?
It was quite a while ago.
She mostly asked me to be nice.
She wanted us to be close.
My mother did that?
Yeah.
You've made a lot of progress, Han-seo.
I want to give you something.
You don't…
have to do that. I'm…
I'm happy as it is.
Babel Bio.
Make it yours and launch it.
You wanted to build a branch?
[chuckles]
Wow, sir.
[stammers] I don't know
if I deserve such an honor, really.
Bio's huge, uh…
[chuckles]
-This doesn't make any sense.
-Trust me, punk.
Get the subsidiary right,
and eventually,
other branches will be yours too.
If it's what you want…
I'll do my best, sir.
Come here.
-Elizabeth Holmes got cut.
-[chuckles]
Be she was an innovative entrepreneur.
I'll be there to back you up.
[chuckles]
I'll do my best not to disappoint you.
This means so much. Thank you.
You'll be great.
[chuckles]
Oh, man.
[car horns honking]
CANDIDATE 3, PARK SEUNG-JUN
[puffs]
LEADER OF THE NEW ERA, PARK SEUNG-JUN!
Oh, there's no problem at all.
Ah. That should work.
I hate that guy.
-Ah! It's been a while.
-[Mr. Han] Mr. Park.
-[door closes]
-Come on, Mr. Han.
No need to be so formal.
All right.
[chuckles]
You and Wusang, things are good?
Oh, I'm flattered. I can't believe
you remember where I work.
-Thank you.
-Have a seat, please.
[Mr. Han] Sure.
I'll always remember that company party.
You danced the tango by yourself.
-And sang "Dead Drunk," right?
-Uh…
You made an impression. You are so new.
[Mr. Han] Oh, boy, I didn't have
the best judgment back then.
[laughs]
I forgot. Oh, boy. I'm still embarrassed.
So this Guillotine file
that you mentioned,
what is it?
We've, uh…
We've been working nonstop
preventing the information getting out.
Guillotine analysis
is now complete.
Babel Group is linked
to a lot of this data,
but not in the way I thought.
Now guess which keyword is the one
that shows up pretty much everywhere?
-Bribery or sex scandals?
-[mimics buzzer]
Real estate.
How did you know?
We're in Korea.
Impressive. There's this one from IUDC
that's mentioned a lot.
"IUDC"?
What kind of company is that?
Their main activity is innovation cities.
Providing building sites
and purchasing real estate
for new cities or future development.
NAME: PARK SEUNG-JUN
SPECIALTY: REAL ESTATE
As expected, the Korean cartels
are extremely interested in real estate.
IUDC has a hand in every pocket.
Babel and IUDC were already
in on it together.
The opportunists who colluded with them
on the inside
had to make a fortune owning land
around the tower.
The frontrunner in the presidential polls,
Park Seung-jun, is involved in this.
About five years ago,
he navigated a few loopholes
and acquired strategic lots
all around the Plaza.
-[Cha-young sighs]
-His family with the head of IUDC.
-He is.
-[Mr. Nam] Uh-huh.
I'm starting to wish
we'd never opened that stupid file.
We just keep finding more corruption
which frustrates me even more.
[Vincenzo chuckling]
When it's only Babel we've been after.
[Vincenzo sighs]
Where are you going?
Oh.
I'm giving a lesson
about the evils of greed.
Excellent job.
[suspenseful music]
Mr. Cassano, what now?
[Seung-jun] You're telling me
the Guillotine file and the collection
of gold bars worth over one trillion won
is buried at the tower site?
-Yes, sir.
-And an Italian Mafia consigliere
has control over it?
Yes, Mr. Park.
-Mr. Kim.
-Sir?
It's some kind of joke, isn't it?
No, sir.
We had gotten wind of it
and the information is credible.
[Seung-jun] I see.
Politics is like life.
The drama finds you
when you least expect it.
I know. If it weren't so important,
I wouldn't have come.
Babel Tower…
the Guillotine file…
the Plaza…
it's all like a sword.
It's pointing directly at my head.
Sir, I swear a solemn oath
to offer you my protection
like an unbreakable shield.
This unbreakable shield you're offering…
what do you want in return?
Your help.
[chuckles]
[quirky music]
[Vincenzo]
I will help you relocate your temple.
Only this time, I insist,
I really need you to move.
We will move if you explain
your reasons for asking.
The explosion the other day.
It was pure luck no one was hurt
but I can't risk it happening again.
So please consider relocating your temple.
Jeokha and I feel that Buddha prefers us
to follow his guidance and remain here.
-Mr. Cassano.
-Yes?
There is one question
that I'm hoping you'll answer for us.
I'll be happy to.
[tense music]
NANYAK TEMPLE
[tense music continues]
So Babel Tower's construction
is under examination?
I heard the entire approval
is under review.
It's going to be difficult
to get your tower built now.
A review could stall it for good.
I heard that several media sources
have been sniffing around.
Suspicion and rumors
are starting to spread.
It's fine.
They just realized some of the paperwork
needed corrections.
I assure you Wusang will have it all
sorted out in a couple of days.
[Director Tae clears throat]
I say we all enjoy our drinks now,
while we open
this small token of my appreciation.
You'll like this.
[Mr. Jang] My brother picked this out
especially for you.
I'm sure you'll appreciate it.
Oh, I hate those bastards.
Do we have to keep those idiots
on the payroll?
Oh, unfortunately, we have to cooperate
with everyone who came today.
You know how to stroke their egos.
They're not the strongest pieces
on the board,
but a wisely used pawn can do damage.
[groans]
You know this game,
it's like you see all your pieces
and how they move together.
-[phone buzzes]
-I'm super pressed.
Where are you?
They've all gone home, I assume.
There's a special guest I wanna bring over
to introduce to you.
Really? It's kinda late.
It's nice to finally meet you,
Mr. Vincenzo Cassano.
Likewise, Mr. Tae.
-Hong Cha-young. I'm his partner.
-Of course.
Mr. An has told me a lot about you,
Ms. Hong.
-[chuckles]
-Director Tae, I'm Jipuragi's paralegal.
-Nice to meet you.
-Ah. Yes, it is.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
[Vincenzo] Mr. An, we need to talk.
Seriously?
Oh, that hurts.
[heavy breathing]
You… you mean…
You mean you found the file,
and you've had it all this time?
I had to cover it up.
Now you, me, Ms. Hong, and Mr. Na
know about it. But it's our secret.
[stammers] We can't keep…
I have to tell my superior.
Not yet. I have a plan.
And what's on that file is vital to it.
You're right. Of course.
The Guillotine file
can destroy everybody in it.
Exactly.
-You trust me?
-With my life.
I swear… I'll hand over the Guillotine
file to your director personally,
as long as you support the plan
I put in motion.
I think I know how you're gonna use it.
And I know you would never abuse my trust.
Thank you.
I'm going to need a favor.
I'm honored to help you.
[Director Tae] What?
The Guillotine file is locked
in the basement of Geumga Plaza
and only one person can get it out?
And that person happens to be
Vincenzo Cassano. The lawyer?
-Yeah.
-You little rat!
You've been working with him
on a case that launches careers, huh.
[chuckles]
-[Mr. An gasps]
-[both laugh]
Pretty soon, the Guillotine file
will be personally delivered to you.
Then you can use it
to get promoted over Kim Hui-won,
Park Jae-beom and the other directors
-who don't deserve to serve as president.
-President?
-Yes.
-[sobs]
Kim Hui-won, Park Jae-beom and the rest…
[both laugh]
So, what do you need?
I'm all in whatever it is.
[Joon-woo] All right.
Babel Tower bragging rights.
The top two tiers of the tower
go to one lucky bidder.
[door opens]
[Joon-woo] What is it?
[Mr. An] First, infiltrate Babel Group
and find their dirty laundry.
To take the Guillotine file out safely,
we have to get Babel out of the way.
[Director Tae] My apologies, sir.
My meeting ran late.
I'm with the ISIS.
I'm Director Tae Jong-gu.
I ran the Organized Crime Bureau.
-[Mr. An] And second…
-[Director Tae] It's been a while.
…you have to make sure
no one tries to come after Mr. Cassano.
So Vincenzo Cassano…
absolutely off-limits.
I don't want anybody going after him.
Why?
He fled to Korea
with proof pertaining to corruption
among Italian officials,
which reaches into France and Britain.
So he's a pretty big fish to hunt?
Yes.
He has set up a network
that will release the information
on the dark web
if anything happens to him.
If it unleashes an international scandal
of some sort,
our government
will then have to take responsibility
and claim the source.
[suspenseful music]
[indistinct chatter]
[Cha-young] They're smiling so hard.
Their faces must hurt after a while.
All of that for a gold-plated toad
that probably didn't even cost that much.
[Director Tae chuckles]
I was wearing a spy cam
when they started auctioning the suites.
Only it never recorded. He's to blame.
He's terrible at giving instructions.
You're the one who mixed up
one of the off switches.
[Director Tae grumbles]
[Mr. An grunts]
[Director Tae chuckles]
Anyway, thanks to you, I think
I have a shot at a nice promotion.
-Hmm.
-[Director Tae chuckles]
I didn't do much, sir.
He did a lot more, so thank him.
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo] Hmm.
Good to see you again, sir.
What?
-Cho Yeong-un?
-Hmm.
What the heck are you doing here?
[Mr. Cho] Maybe another time, sir.
It's kinda hard to explain.
You're from the agency, aren't you?
You're one of ours.
You've been working undercover
with Mr. Cassano?
-[both chuckle]
-I knew it. You look so familiar.
You probably have
some catching up to do, Mr. Cho.
-Yes.
-When did you join?
Um…
No, he started before you.
He just looks young.
-Oh! So sorry.
-Attention.
-At ease.
-Oh.
"Oh?" Respect.
-Yes, sir.
-[chuckles]
[Director Tae] Gentlemen…
[stammers]
[Ms. Choi] Mr. Kim…
it… it is so out of the blue
it doesn't make any sense.
[inhales sharply]
[Mr. Jang] Mr. Han becomes…
chief prosecutor
of Namdongbu Prosecution Service?
And Ms. Choi will be at Wusang
like before as CEO?
You know before coming to Wusang,
I did work for the Supreme Prosecutors'
Office, Investigative Division.
But they kicked you out
because you always lost.
I did?
One other thing. The Italian, Mr. Cassano?
You leave him alone.
He's on an international scale.
It's a lot bigger than you think.
[cup clanks]
We barely know each other, and yet…
you're all up in my business.
You take it for granted
that you're entitled
to a second chance, don't you?
[Mr. Kim] Mr. Park is being generous.
I don't need that old man's generosity.
You have a big mouth
for someone who killed his own father,
don't you think, Mr. Jang? Hmm?
[Mr. Kim] What?
You're surprised I know that?
[scoffs]
[Mr. Kim] And while we're at it,
I've decided it's in our best interest
for Han-seok to go away,
and for his brother to run the show
and take the reins again.
Huh?
Run? Run the show like I used to?
[Ms. Choi] Sir.
I know this is coming from Mr. Park,
but it's not your place
to give our clients orders--
Choi Myung-hee. Jang Han-seok.
I want to make sure my administration
has a smooth transition.
Myung-hee, don't ever talk back
to me like that again,
or I'll take it Babel and Wusang
aren't supporting Mr. Park for president
in spite of his being the frontrunner.
[Mr. Han sighs]
Congratulations, Chairman Jang.
[huffs]
-Once more.
-Chairman Jang.
[both laugh]
Am I really the chairman again?
[guffaws]
You wouldn't believe the strings
I had to pull
to make this whole thing happen.
Mr. Han…
Sorry.
Thank you, Seung-hyuk.
Hey.
[clicking tongue]
-I'm chief now.
-Chief Prosecutor Han.
[both cackle]
I swear it feels like I'm dreaming.
It's impossible
that you actually pulled it off.
What was that other guy called again?
Jang Joon-woo?
-Vincenzo.
A little birdie told me Interpol
is arresting him within 24 hours.
Interpol?
-Interpol was the International--
-I know what it is.
Right.
[chuckles]
I called…
the Cassano Family boss
who is only too happy
to help me set a trap.
Vincenzo didn't leave on very good terms
so he gave me something I could use.
And now, Interpol knows about it.
-[slow clap]
-[laughs]
Stop.
[guffaws]
Knock it off.
I wish I'd thought of that.
It's brilliant.
The Guillotine file
is the key to everything.
So let's get rid of the person
most likely to obtain it.
With him out of the way,
Geumga Plaza's demolished,
and you get the file
before anyone knows what happened.
What if Vincenzo decides
he wants revenge one day?
Mm-mm. He will be locked up forever.
Now, you can focus on Babel's business
and leading like a superstar.
As chief prosecutor,
I will back you up on everything.
[Mr. Han chuckles]
[Mr. Jang] Jang Han-seok…
[slurps]
[exhales]
Heads I win
and tails you lose.
[suspenseful music]
[chuckles]
[breathing heavily]
[laughs]
[suspenseful music continues]
INAUGURATION OF CHIEF PROSECUTOR
HAN SEUNG-HYUK
[cameras clicking]
Please tell us what we can expect from you
as chief prosecutor.
I am honored to have a chance
to serve our country,
maintaining the ideals of our democracy…
[Mr. Han]
As the guardian of the Constitution
-and representative of the people…
-[Vincenzo chuckles]
I will dedicate my life
so that the principle of justice
can remain the driving force
of our legal system.
[female reporter]
How do you plan to clear up suspicion…
[Mr. Nam scoffs]
Just like that?
How did he become chief prosecutor
overnight?
Jang Han-seok's power
doesn't extend that far up the ladder.
They found a way to ward off our attacks.
Seung-hyuk has something up his sleeve.
You think he planned this?
[Mr. Han] I'm well-aware
of the public's mistrust and concerns…
Then why didn't Jang Han-seo
mention it to us?
This changes everything.
Such a slacker. Can't bother to check in.
[phone buzzes]
He could prove us wrong.
Go ahead.
Can you come meet me on the ice?
Preparing to exit the building.
[tense music]
[in Italian]
Hello.
POLICE
[tense music]
Tell me what's so important.
[Mr. Jang exhales]
I've been thinking about this a lot.
[siren blares]
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. Jang] There's something…
that's bothering me for a while.
Can you just spill it?
[sighs]
I wish that my life didn't involve
making so many decisions.
I like you, Vincenzo.
It's been fun.
But this is where it ends.
[suspenseful music]
You're just like your brother.
That's why I didn't expect much from you.
You have a gun?
Don't make any moves.
I'll shoot if I have to.
You must have reached your goal.
Betrayal usually comes with back up.
If either of us decides to pull
the trigger, we can actually die, so…
why don't we just lower our guns, huh?
That's not going to happen.
This isn't loaded.
I didn't put any bullets in it.
Mm-hm.
-Then put it on your head and pull--
-I said it's not loaded.
The… the whole point
was to try to scare you.
[cocks]
Try not to miss.
[Interpol officer] Vincenzo Cassano!
[in Italian]
We're from the Interpol.
We came here to arrest you
and repatriate you.
[in English]
Drop your gun
and raise your hands over your head.
[ominous music]
[gunshot]
[dramatic music]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music rises]
SPECIAL THANKS TO LEE GEUNG-YOUNG
[suspenseful music]